README.md, before:

# UnitCom

# Model TODO
- Deterministic version
- Add reserve as current implementations in NYISO
    - 10 min spinning 
    - 10 min non-synchronized 
    - 30 min reserve (spinning + non-synchronized)
- New reserve product in NYISO, 60 min, 4 hour notice
- Add hydro power plants
- Add initial conditions: now ug_t0 = 1 for all thermal gens

# Time series TODO
- Generate time series with NYISO data
- Make sure the first time point is the same for all scenarios (or take average when attaching ts to components)
- ~~Normalize the time series data (divide by the base power)~~

# NY Grid TODO
- [NY_Sienna_Conversion](https://github.com/gackermannlogan/NY_Sienna_Conversion)
- Thermal Generators operation cost 
    - Heat rate, TwoPartCost, ThreePartCost, MarketBids?
    - ThreePartCost: Fixed cost, variable cost, and start-up cost
    - Need: start-up
            shut-down = 0.2*start_up 
            no-load cost = 0
    - heat rate * fuel cost
    - differenciate nuclear, thermal_st, thermal
- ~~ThermalGen time_limits (min up and down time)~~
- ~~Battery~~
- Hydro
- ~~Time series data (wind, solar, load)~~

```
set_shut_down!(op_cost, 0.2 * start_up.hot)
```

```
mutable struct ThreePartCost <: OperationalCost
    variable::VariableCost
    fixed::Float64
    start_up::Float64
    shut_down::Float64
end
```


```
device = PSY.ThermalStandard(
        name=name,
        available=true,
        status=true,
        bus=bus,
        active_power=0.0,
        reactive_power=0.0,
        rating=pmax / base_power,
        prime_mover_type=pm,
        fuel=fuel,
        active_power_limits=PSY.MinMax((pmin, pmax)),
        reactive_power_limits=nothing,
        ramp_limits=(up=ramp_rate, down=ramp_rate),
        time_limits=(up=1.0, down=1.0),
        operation_cost=cost,
        base_power=base_power,
        time_at_status=999.0,
        ext=Dict{String,Any}(),
    )
```

Commit message:

modified:   NYGrid/add_ts.jl 	modified:   README.md 	modified:   other/gen_info_extraction.jl 	modified:   run_rollinghorizon_uc.jl 	modified:   src/add_thermal.jl 	modified:   src/compute_conflict.jl 	new file:   src/functions.jl 	modified:   src/get_init_value.jl 	modified:   src/get_solution.jl 	modified:   src/stochastic_ed.jl 	modified:   src/stochastic_uc.jl 	deleted:    src/write_json.jl

README.md, after:

# UnitCom

# April 11 - 17 TODO
- Run rolling horizon with solution from previous time point
- ~~Investigate the infeasibility at DateTime(2019,1,1,13)~~
- Add deterministic version of the model

# Model TODO
- Deterministic version
- Add reserve as current implementations in NYISO
    - 10 min spinning 
    - 10 min non-synchronized 
    - 30 min reserve (spinning + non-synchronized)
- New reserve product in NYISO, 60 min, 4 hour notice
- Add hydro power plants: historical data as fixed dispatch

# Time series TODO
- Generate time series with NYISO data
- Make sure the first time point is the same for all scenarios (or take average when attaching ts to components)
- ~~Normalize the time series data (divide by the base power)~~

# NY Grid TODO
- [NY_Sienna_Conversion](https://github.com/gackermannlogan/NY_Sienna_Conversion)
- Thermal Generators operation cost 
    - Heat rate, TwoPartCost, ThreePartCost, MarketBids?
    - ThreePartCost: Fixed cost, variable cost, and start-up cost
    - Need: start-up
            shut-down = 0 or 0.2*start_up 
    - heat rate * fuel cost
    - differenciate nuclear, thermal_st, thermal
- ~~ThermalGen time_limits (min up and down time)~~
- ~~Battery~~
- Hydro
- ~~Time series data (wind, solar, load)~~


```
mutable struct ThreePartCost <: OperationalCost
    variable::VariableCost
    fixed::Float64
    start_up::Float64
    shut_down::Float64
end
```


```
device = PSY.ThermalStandard(
        name=name,
        available=true,
        status=true,
        bus=bus,
        active_power=0.0,
        reactive_power=0.0,
        rating=pmax / base_power,
        prime_mover_type=pm,
        fuel=fuel,
        active_power_limits=PSY.MinMax((pmin, pmax)),
        reactive_power_limits=nothing,
        ramp_limits=(up=ramp_rate, down=ramp_rate),
        time_limits=(up=1.0, down=1.0),
        operation_cost=cost,
        base_power=base_power,
        time_at_status=999.0,
        ext=Dict{String,Any}(),
    )
```
